vSphere certificate options (#476)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/adding-source-provider.adoc

+

. Choose one of the following options for validating CA certificates:
+
** *Skip certificate validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.
** *Use a custom CA certificate*: Migrate after validating a custom CA certificate.
+
.. To skip certificate validation, toggle the *Skip certificate validation* switch to the right.
.. To use the system CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* switch toggled to the left, and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To use a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* switch toggled to left, and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
+

> . Optional: To manually confirm the validity of a CA certificate, instead of having {project-short} verify it: click

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Optional: Fetch CA certificate from the providers API endpoint URL and confirm the validity of a endpoint CA certificate manually, once confirmed, the CA certificate will be used to validate subsequent communication with the API endpoint: click
```

+
.. Click *Fetch certificate from URL*. The *Verify certificate* window opens.

> .. If the details are correct select the *I trust the authenticity of this certificate* checkbox, and then, click *Confirm*. If not, click *Cancel*, and then, enter the correct certificate information manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. If the details are correct, select the *I trust the authenticity of this certificate* checkbox, and then, click *Confirm*. If not, click *Cancel*, and then, enter the correct certificate information manually.
```

+

. Choose one of the following options for validating CA certificates:
+
** *Skip certificate validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.

> ** *Use the system CA certificate*: Migrate after validating the system CA certificate.

Reviewer 3: I made sense to list the insecure option first as it was the only option that actually worked but with the latest changes in this area, ut makes more sense to change the order: first, the custom certificate since it would likely be the most commonly used option, second, the system certificate , and lastly the insecure option

** *Skip certificate validation* : Migrate without validating a CA certificate.
+
.. To use a custom CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* switch toggled to left, and _either_ drag the CA certificate to the text box _or_ browse for it and click *Select*.
.. To use the system CA certificate, leave the *Skip certificate validation* switch toggled to the left, and leave the *CA certificate* text box empty.
.. To skip certificate validation, toggle the *Skip certificate validation* switch to the right.
+

> . Optional, if you use a custom CA certificate or the system certificate: Fetch the CA certificate from the provider's API endpoint URL and confirm the validity of the certificate manually. Once confirmed, the CA certificate will be used to validate subsequent communication with the API endpoint.

Reviewer 3: mentioning the `system certificate` at the beginning is confusing since one you fetch it this way, the CA certificate would be used as a custom CA certificate. I think this should start with something like "Optional, you can retrieve the customer CA certificate from the provider's API endpoint URL ..."
not sure we'll need the last part then, but if we keep it then it can change to something like: "Once confirmed, the CA certificate will be used as a custom CA certificate"

Author: @ahadas Does the new version solve the problem or do we still need to discuss custom CA vs. standard CA?  AFAIK, this section is the last open issue on the PR. 

What other providers does this section apply to?

Reviewer 3: > Does the new version solve the problem or do we still need to discuss custom CA vs. standard CA? AFAIK, this section is the last open issue on the PR.

no, because it still says "if you use a custom CA certificate **or the system certificate**"
how about:
```suggestion
. Optional, you can ask the system to retrieve a custom CA certificate from the provider's API endpoint URL by pressing the  `Fetch certificate from URL` button. Then you will be asked to confirm the validity of the certificate manually. Once confirmed, the CA certificate will be used to validate subsequent communication with the API endpoint.
```
 
> What other providers does this section apply to?

it should apply also to RHV, OpenStack, and OpenShift (all but the OVA provider)
